Newsgroups: alt.religion.scientology,comp.org.eff.talk
From: grady@netcom.com (Grady Ward)
Subject: Revolt In the Stars: OTIII explained
Date: Sun, 20 Aug 1995 03:00:34 GMT


A saw an interesting screenplay today. It had no copyright or 
attributed author. It was called:

Revolt In The Stars


It is the OTIII mythology detailed and expanded.

Maybe there are thousands of scientologists who believe the 
following *literally*. Since it expands considerably on the OTIII 
Xenu cycle, one can only imagine what privileged few past OTVIII get 
to look at *this*.

Maybe no one.

I wonder who wrote it.

What follows is a synopsis of the 140 page ms.

We learn about the Galactic Emperor Xenu, Supreme Ruler of the 
Loyal Officers of the Galactic Confederation, his renegades and 
allies Master Lord Chu, Executive  President of the Galactic 
Interplanetary Bank, Minister of Police, Chi; Sty the psychiatrist and 
their antagonists, Loyal Officer Mish, and the heroic Rawl (who we 
suspect was intended to be Hubbard) and his co-freedom fighters 
Lady Min, consort to Xenu, and her press agent Ap.

++++

Contemporary scientists discover a strange capsule buried at sea. 
While the President of the United States and his Top Scientist 
accidentally activate the "dot groups" on two plates embedded in the 
capsule. A voice from the plate begins:

"Mark 92 Vocotranslator. All sound and information is now coming to 
you by thought concept and visual feedback so that you hear as 
though spoken in your own language."

Then a visual screen on the capsule presents the ancient history of 
Xenu and the Teegeeack (Earth) tragedy.

Xenu is presiding over an assembly of the Loyal Officers of the 
Galactic Federation.  As Xenu strikes the gong to begin the two 
thousand and fifty-fourth Congress of the Confederation, an
Archbishop blesses the assembly with the invocation

"All blessings to Almighty God upon the Galactic Confederation, upon 
its 21 stars, upon its 76 green planets, upon its trillions of 
population, this Congress, and upon the Loyal Officers, loyal to the 
people, to the Confederation and to God. May peace and prosperity 
continue as it has for ages past."

Xenu "bears a faint resemblance to the chief executive in the early 
scenes. He is a bitter-looking man..."

Rawl then challenges Xenu's new policies of personal income tax, 
identity cards for every citizen, credit records, fingerprinting of all 
citizens, passports.

Rawl is described as "a Loyal Officer, dressed in khaki."

Xenu calls upon Master Lord Chu to justify the new policies. Chu is 
described as

"a fat, pudgy man, very like a pig, slides forward. He is dressed in 
civilian clothes but there is a diamond ring on each finger and four 
diamonds in his tie. He is nervous and cringing."

He says that the Grey Invasion war has caused Confederation 
insolvency.

Rawl reiterates the need for the people to be free of government; he 
finally demands that the "emergency powers of the executive be 
canceled and that all executive orders be declared null and void.:

Bedlam ensues. The motion is passed. The people cheer Rawl.


Later, rather than capitulating, Xenu, Chu, and Chi plan their revenge.
Xenu tells Chu to retain his computer files on every "criminal, 
renegade and psychopath in this entire galaxy." "And you must have 
thought at one time or another what a splendid secret force they 
would make?" [TRs, Narconon and Criminon come to mind - G]

Chi is described as looking like "J Edgar Hoover."

Xenu continues "You can trust only those on whom you have definite 
blackmail." [Now the Preclear folders come to mind -- say, who did 
Hubbard emulate most -- Rawl or Xenu.]

Xenu is abusive to Lady Min. He reaches down suddenly and "yanks her 
hair on the open side of the couch and with a sudden wrench yanks 
her to her feet with his right hand." "...contact Rawl. You corrupted 
bitch! You filthy whore."

Xenu strikes her with his cane and knocks her sprawling into the 
corner. Xenu calls Doctor Stug to "robotize her." "Depersonalize her 
with neurosurgery...she might [become] even more fun."

Lady Min was described earlier as "smiling, happy,...,a very beautiful, 
warm and friendly person. "

Doctor Stug, who has a pointed beard and eyeglasses with a ribbon 
dressed in 1910-style civilian tweed clothes ,is overpowered by 
Lady Min and shot with his own narcotic gun. She parts the 
narcotized figure with "Have a good day's sleep, brain surgeon."

She overpowers Stug's grey-green clad Nazi-style guard and takes 
her personal spacecraft to join Rawl. After escaping recapture by 
Stug, she crash lands on the jungle planet Stip ", gun-running capital 
of the Confederation" whose sun is Altec "pearl of the Southern 
Galaxy."

Lady Nin is treated with Dregomine by Dr. Ax to help heal her 
injuries following the crash landing.


Meanwhile, Xenu is outlining his plans to the Renegade Chief on the 
Home planet (not Earth).

"The objective of Phase One is the slaughter of every Loyal Officer 
in the Galaxy."

"Phase Two: The destruction of the main galactic defense base on 
every planet."

"Phase Three: The removal of all minority and unwanted populations 
in the galaxy to planet Earth and their extermination."

The  stars in the confederation were

"Sirius, Canopus, Alpha Centauri, Vega, Capella, Arcturs, Rigel, 
Procyon, Achernar, Beta Centauri, Altair, Betelgeuse, Acrux, 
Aldebaran, Pollux, Spica, Antares, Fomalhaut, Deneb, Regulus, and 
Sol."

Phase one and two are carried out.

Xenu considers the selection of the people to send to Earth  to nuke 
in volcanoes. He wants to get rid of the undesirables "The selection 
of these minorities is already determined."  However, Xenu gives the 
group of psychiatrists led by Sty power to further discriminate in a 
"fully scientific and dedicated manner."

The Phase Three round-up continues:

"EXT. - BLACK NEIGHBORHOOD

Secret policemen are herding blacks out of small stores and houses 
while another group of secret police hold them in the street."

...an old woman clutching a cross, eyes tightly closed, being dragged 
along the street..."

"Close shot of a child being yanked along, herself pulling a doll. She 
is crying."

The psychiatrists select motion picture producers, editors, writers, 
and newscasters, all blacks, ..., religious leaders, ..., the Ninth 
Terrestial Army, all actors, all unemployed...

Convoys of trucks carry the drugged victims to space freighters, 
enroute to Earth. Renegades dressed in white coveralls move the 
bodies into the ships.

The Psychiatrist assures a Renegade that he has selected all the 
undesirables for execution. "...medical science never makes 
mistakes."

The secret police carry the bodies to various volcanoes on Earth: 
Mount Shasta, Mount Aetna, Mount Fuji, Mount Washington, Mauna Loa 
in Hawaii. They lower the bombs labeled "ATOMIC BOMB. Danger. 
Radioactive." into the craters.

The Renegade Chief, after a go-ahead from Xenu, pushes the central 
button on an electronic control box.  The bombs explode.

Scenes of carnage on Earth.

Xenu and his accomplices celebrate. They create the Confederate 
Bureau of Investigation and an income tax police in Treasury.

A Stuka dive bomber disturbs their celebration with a message spear 
from Rawl and Mish. Rawl and Mish proclaim Xenu a traitor and 
demand his resignation. Xenu, Sty, Chu and Chi discount the tiny 
group of Loyalists.

Mish is described as "handsome, athletic, looks very competent."

Rawl, Lady Min, and Mish land on "Alpha Centauri Planet 2, Cronjin"
Rawl takes over the planetary television station and broadcasts the 
warning to the people of the planet.

After a fierce battle Rawl, Lady Nin, Mish, and Ap take control of the 
planet.

They  free planet after planet, urging the people to rise up against 
the secret police and psychiatrist. Who, in one scene, are jabbed 
with a syringe by the mob "let's see how you like it!"

Although the Home Planet controlled by Xenu have Home Planet 
Bombers, Rawl is expert with his "outer space atomic Interceptor,
made to combat enemy battleships."

He fights the Renegades Home Planet base who have just graphically 
killed a girl about 10 while gang-raping her.

"She's dead" says one Renegade.

"Good, hand her over, that's the way I like 'em," another responds.

With a lot of battle flair, Rawl manages to defeat the Renegades and 
notify Commanding General Arn, a white-haired mentor of Rawl. 
Rawl rescues Arn at Home Planet Central Base 3.

With the battle cry "Remember the Ninth Army!" Rawl and Arn free 
the home planet and capture Xenu and the Renegades at the palace. 
Sty the psychiatrist is captured insane. Chi is cringing. Chu is trying 
not to vomit. Xenu is curled up in a fetal position, but tries to 
sneakily reach a pistol, which Rawl kicks out of his hand.

Xenu and his renegades are sentenced to be "imprisoned in a 
mountain sustained by eons by life supports."

Xenu and his coconspirators are exhibited through Dorn, Capitol of 
the Betelgeuse System; Catul of the Achnar System; Maltar of the 
Altair System (whose population was 17,000,000); then exhibited on 
a steam locomotive on Stend.

Finally on Mount Xenu on Planet Tawn electricians in blue overalls 
hook up sheets of copper wire. The grids are designed to keep Xenu 
and the Renegades life supported for "Seventy-four million years, 
Possibly more."

Xenu and his co-conspirators are entombed.

Meanwhile on the radioactive Earth, a time capsule is lowered into 
the ground. Rawl and Lady Min, dressed in transparent antiradiation 
suits, preside over the ceremony. Ap says "...the end of the planet 
Earth! Future zero!"

Meanwhile Lady Nin is making eyes at Rawl:

"I never was his mistress, that was just his idea of a way to become 
popular. He hated women."

Rawl and Lady Min touch hands unsmilingly.

Rawl makes a speech exhorting people to abolish schools that teach 
children that they are animals, Congress to abolish psychiatry and 
get rid of the Executive Branch of government. Do not create another 
police state!

Back in the present.

The capsule display is over.

The President lies to a curious reporter.

"Sorry to disappoint. It was just a piece of old World War Two junk."

The President and the national police head look slyly at one another.

END



My questions to scientologists.  Do you pay to read this? Is this even 
available to scientologists? If Hubbard wrote this screenplay, as 
Atack suggests, what do you think of a man who would capitalize on 
ideas that would cause the death of individuals not vetted to see 
OTIII?

My question to non-scientologists: is Hubbard more like the sneaky 
criminal leader Xenu who abuses women, allies himself with 
criminal renegades in order to get rid of undesirables for the profit 
of a small group of cronies, or like the heroic Rawl?

Maybe someone should pass this by Kobrin, the lying 'ho, to get her 
opinion of the copyright. I wonder who else saw this ms., SCAMIZDAT 
perhaps, or maybe David Talbot wrote it? Who can say.

Will the entire screenplay be spammed on the net? We all hope 
lawfully of course.







-- 
Grady Ward       | Maker of Moby lexicons:                  | v.34 nautilus
grady@netcom.com | Words, Hyphenator, Part-of-Speech,       | capable 
+1 707 826 7715  | Pronunciator, and Thesaurus.             | 8C423A1922F7DCF2
(voice/24hr FAX) | Send any e-mail for details.             | 2E631D5DC9795966

